I created a Relational Database project in Python3 with PyQt5 and SQLAlchemy Core with a postgreSQL database.
The application is open source and is witten as an example of database integration with Python.

The Database is partially filled with random values.

With the user instructions I will explain which values should be used for testing.
The software is licensed under conditions from GNU GPL v3, license is included.

The development and testing is done in Windows 10.
App scaling is set at 125% in Windows

For additional instructions for Linux see folder Linux "LINUX Install.txt".
For adjustments or  additions see "Changelog.txt".

Install python3, 
Next items with: pip install
pyqt5, pyqtchart same version as pyqt5, sqlalchemy, psycopg2 and pypiwin32.

For printing listings change this settings in notepad:
Pagesettings: Left 0 Right 0 Top 14 Bottom 40
Font: Consolas 10
Or change registry with Notepad_HKCU.reg 
Follow these settings exactly for printlists with more pages

Graphs will be printed with PyQt5

Setting in Windows 10:
copy to c:\users\<username>\appdata\roaming\postgresql\pgpass.conf
<username> = your own user folder in C:\users\
appdata is hidden soo you will type it yourself or make hidden folders temperarely visible
programdata is also hidden see next lines

Environment in Windows advanced system settings
PGDATABASE bisystem
PGPORT 5432
PGUSER postgres

Install postgresql in folder C:\programdata\postgres with password: postgres45 localhost port:5432 user: postgres
set password in pgadmin4: postgres45

copy the files from folder data in c:\programdata\postgres\backup\
Import data with pgrestore-custom.bat run as administrator (change pathnames to your own pathname, if you changed path PostgreSQL)
The database bisystem is imported in postgresql.
pgdrop-bisystem.bat is included for deleting the database bisystem (change pathnames to your own pathnames)
pgdump-custom.bat is included for backup database (change pathnames to your own pathnames)
If you change install folders, the pathnames in pgrestore-custom.bat and pgdump-custom.bat must be changed.

Rename Pandora-Enterprise_Resource_Planning to Pandora
Copy  all files and folders in a folder Pandora keep the folder structure as it is.
Edit shortcut Pandora to your own Path where you copied Pandora
The admin user is: dj.jansen@casema.nl password: postgres45
other users password: wieookweer
See user lists Accounts -  Opvragen Accounts	
The Menu's and other names in the programs are in Dutch sorry!
For translations: Google is your friend!

Dirk Jansen
dj.jansen@casema.nl

