Pandora user instructions.

pandora starts with pandora.py 
When Pandora starts a lockfile is locally set in the user directory,
so only one session can be started per person /workstation.
Next login screen session is started
From the login screen all modules can be initiated.
For ending the program every module or subscreen must be stopped with the close button.
To close Pandora and logout go back to login screen and end with the shutdown button.
When the program ends abnormally the lockfile must be removed manually.
To do so delete the file .pandora_lock from the user directory

GENERAL SETTINGS
QTableview:
Clicking on the first cell of a row opens a view or modify screen by most tableviews.
most ID's are generated with a weighted Modulo-11 check digit
The numbers are 9 positions and the first number is a group number
The last nunmber is the eleven check number.
The group numbers are:
1 Accounts
2 Article number
3 Supplier number
4 Purchase ordernumber
5 Sales ordernumber
6 Sales company number
7 Internal worknumber
8 External worknumber
QCombobox:
zoekterm - search term (is validated)
all records - no search term necessary leave it open
filter - search term or part of term depends on topics  (is validated)

Some translations:
sluiten - close
zoeken - search
afsluiten - exit
invoeren - enter new
wijzig - modify
opvragen - query
informatie - information
kiezen - choose
uitloggen -logout
verversen - refresh
berekening gegevens - calculation data
for further translations: Google is your friend

BRIEF EXPLANATION PROGRAM

The program start with testing if a new year has started.
If so the program counts the values of stock from last year.
This for purposes  of values from total stock and used stock.
The year before last year is deleted and this new year is initiated.
Also surplus stocks are counted monthly.
These countings are made for stock graphs and stock numbers
After this login.py is started.
A new account can be initiated here by every person.
The account must be an valid e-mail adres. 
The password must be minimal 8 digits and will be encrypted sha256 by the system.
The zip code is Dutch (Postcode) and contains 4 numbers and 2 letters + house number.
The place of residence and street is searched by the system.
The account is created with minimum authorisations.
These authorisations are:
New account.
Modify account.
Making an order.
Request own orders.
Printing own invoices.

All further permissions must be made by a authorised person.
The authorization menu is at Onderhoud - Bevoegdheden muteren
Initial access: dj.jansen@casema.nl password: postgres45
The permissions are granted at menu level (enabled-disabled)
Further permissions are granted with the items: special, ordering, new, change, query, print and reserve
Special is for management tasks for instant wages, charts financial and sensitive information etc.
All permissions are set with checkboxes.

How the program functions:

Account is made by person itself
Account is linked to employee or to account sales company or to account purchase company
Then for this linked account permissions are set on menu level and on menu line items level.
This permissions grants the person to execute certain subprograms. (Roles by workdepartment)
Menu levels are disabled if not accessible

Gegevens opvragen - All data
Zelf gegevens opvragen - Own data
Some programs expects certain steps before a checkbox or button is enabled. 
For instance bestellen webartikelen - paybutton is accesable when calculation is done and terms accepted.
Werken intern and werken extern - Checkboxes are accessible when the state of the work allows it.
State of the works A t/m H. work starts at A. 
When costs are made state becomes B. 
When costs reach 33% state becomes C. 
When costs reach 50% state becomes D. 
When costs reach 75% state becomes E. 
When costs reach 90% state becomes F. 
When work is ready and more/less work is granted  state becomes G this must be done manually. 
When work is ready and paid state becomes H this must be done manually. 
The checkboxes become active dependable on state.
With this states weekly countings are made for charts.

Cluster  and icluster
Cluster external work
iCluster internal work
These items holds a calculation of a produkt what consists of material parts, factory operations and services
Several clusters together concists  a calculation.
If the calculation is approved by the client, the linking with a worknumber is established.
From this calculation a material list and a working list is pulled out.

Onderhoud - params.

The table params is a table what holds variables for the program what should be changed
yearly or monthly depends on the item.

Items
1-2 VAT dutch tax on products factor change if necessary 
3-5 Profit hight middle low factor change if necessary
6 Warehouse surcharge change if necessary
7 Work surcharge on particles change if nessecary
8-31 Hourly rate for calculation external works change yearly
     tarieffactor is overhead from lonen-loonID towards tarief for works
32-43 tax payment on wages employees change yearly
45 Pension fund on wages employee change yearly
46-56 Tax on special rewards on wages employees for instance vacation wages change yearly
58-69 Payment periodes for wages employees change if period is payed toward next year
      for instance 2018-05 becomes 2019-05 and so on, tarief fill in hours from werkdagen.png
70-72 Dutch taxes on wages for employer change yearly
73-96 Hourly rate for calculation internal works change yearly
      tarieffactor is overhead from lonen-loonID towards tarief for works
97 Budgeted Sales change yearly
98 Budgeted profits change yearly
99 Annual usual stock even odd year is set by the system.
100 Ordernumber is set by the system
101 Ordercosts change yearly costs of making a purchase order
102 Shipping costs for client orders

If you want to view charts use jrwk 201852 (year-week)
For payment period wages use period 2017-10 to view items
For calculation numbers use 1 , 2 or 3
If you fill the system with your own values you can take your own periods.
Before you do so set the appropriate periods in params

In the folder Screenshots you find a few examples of the programscreens
