Barcode module in python


Converting artikelID to barcode ean 13 numbers.

1. Install barcode module in python with pip install python-barcode and pip install pillow
2. Open pgadmin4 delete column barcode (integer) from table artikelen.
3. Insert column barcode again in table artikelen with properties character varying length 13  default ''
4. Run artikelen-barcode.py 

The barcode images are saved with the format png.

The barcode ean numbers are filled in the barcode fields from table artikelen
Also 10 barcode pictures are saved. If you want more change the x value 11 in the loop.

In the changed database from 2020-03-22 is this already done. Also the database has been extended with a new table 
balieverkoop (countersales) This module use barcode scanning see following lines and barcodeScan.py
This module scans displays the data from database, prints the orderform and books the financial data and stock data
in the tables afdrachten (payments) and artikelmutaties (stock transactions).

decode images barcode:
pip install pyzbar
pip install opencv-python
for LINUX additional sudo apt-get install -y zbar-tools

real time scanning in windows 10:
I used a laser scanner for testing see documentation in folder Tools/Barcodescanner
The windows device for this scanner is SHANG CHEN HID SC-32, it's a USB Handheld scanner (approx € 50,--)
It's automatically installed by Windows 10 and is working well.
In Ubuntu 19.10  the laser stops with the first scan.

I developed a PyQt5 module for real time scanning:
The module scans barcodes from a printing barcodes.png
Print this out on high resolution in grayscale.
The scanned products are queried automatically with the database bisystem
A filelist for printing is added with artikelID descriptions amounts prices subtotals and VAT
barcodeScan.py started from submenu Magazijn line 9
2020-03-21:
The module barcodeScan.py is rewritten due to performance issues. The database is extended with a 
table balieverkoop for barcodescanning, so the data is moved from disk to database bisystem. The performance issues are solved!

Documentation for scanning and reading barcodes see:
http://python-barcode.rtfd.io/
https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2018/05/21/an-opencv-barcode-and-qr-code-scanner-with-zbar/
https://techtutorialsx.com/2020/01/01/python-pyzbar-detecting-and-decoding-barcode/

